Add UTM tag to cloud waitlist links (#30313)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cloud/getting_started_on_cloud.md

[Sourcegraph Cloud](https://sourcegraph.com/search) lets you search across your personal code from GitHub.com or GitLab.com, and across more than 2 million open source repositories. Sourcegraph Cloud allows any individual to sign up, connect personal repositories, and search across personal code for free. 

> [Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams](https://about.sourcegraph.com/cloud-beta/) is in private beta today. [Join our waitlist](https://share.hsforms.com/14OQ3RoPpQTOXvZlUpgx6-A1n7ku?utm_medium=direct-traffic&utm_source=in-product&utm_term=in-product-banner&utm_content=cloud-product-beta-teams) to get access today!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sourcegraph Cloud for Teams](https://about.sourcegraph.com/cloud-beta/) is in private beta today. [Join our waitlist](https://share.hsforms.com/14OQ3RoPpQTOXvZlUpgx6-A1n7ku?utm_medium=direct-traffic&utm_source=docs&utm_content=cloud-product-beta-teams) to get access today!
```
